[MUSIC]
>> Joe Nelson: Okay everybody,
Internet, people here.
We heard all about the laws.
We heard all about the categories.
It's gonna be a different style now.
We're doing the demo.
First thing, just a couple of slides,
and we'll get into it.
First thing, congratulations.
In a way, you're pioneers,
because although these techniques
are well-known in other languages,
especially Haskell, bringing them
into JavaScript is a new thing.
And that's why you saw all
the imports in the JSBins and things,
because we're cobbling together at
the ecosystem of what we need, and
things were only getting better.
So if we use this stuff for
real, our input is gonna go to
make those libraries better.
Use these things, send them for
requests, send them issues,
because only like shaking the rocks that
you polish, and it's got to be good.
And so what we're using in particular,
I just wanted to mention so that if you do
like boiling it down, so if you wanna try
your own stuff, you can pull these in.
Of course, ramda.
baconjs is doing the stream stuff.
It's gonna handle making the streams
when you click and type in stuff.
fantasyland is a spec.
It just says that, yeah,
when you're making functors, etc., etc.
You could use certain nicknames and stuff,
but you should be using these names so
that it all works.
In particular, we're pulling
the IO functor out of fantasy IO,
there's an implementation.
Our own Dr Boolean here made it something
that wraps up some of the fantasyland
stuff so it's easy to do
pointfree-like composition on.
And we're using some stuff from folktale,
a lot of these things.
If you look at folktale versus ramda
versus whatever like this large
overlapping, they're all
trying to do the same thing.
But I think that in my opinion, at least
from what I've seen, ramda is the best for
most of it, and the others are good for
throwing in some stuff around and
doesn't really have yet,
like some of these funky type stuff.
>> Speaker 2: You might even say
the bottom three are about
the part two of class in the top.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: You've got
the function level and then you've got
the functor object level and stuff.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, that makes sense.
I guess it's part two
thing aligned that way.
Another thing, which I didn't put,
this is the last slide.
But we're gonna go through an example
that I've put on my GitHub,
which is at begriffs/immutube.
So github.com/begriffs/immutube.
So the great thing about this is that
I've already run through it, and
I have commits at each point.
[CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 3: Can you go back to that?
>> Joe Nelson: This chat.
Okay, so let's do it.
When you look at immutube, actually,
master is some earlier stuff, and
the branch that I'm on is live code.
And I'm eventually gonna merge it into
master when we think it's all cool.
So what I think I should probably do in
live code is I'll have one tab open with
some of these commits.
If we have to get rid of them,
if we get stumped,
we could just be like yep,
next one, we'll be fine.
So I'll leave that open as a tab.
>> Joe Nelson: And
I'll check out blank slate.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay,
we're at the blank slate, and
we'll just work from here.
Let's see if I have some vims and
crap going.
I should probably close some of that,
okay.
So there's some stuff.
There's actually some crud in here you
don't have to look at from previous
experiments.
This was originally gonna be
a very different app, and
we decided on something
a little more self-contained.
So index is gonna load some stuff
cool where the real action happens.
Well, this also isn't made.
No, this isn't the main loads of stuff
we need like with power and crap.
So we pull all the libraries together and
eventually runs our app,
and our app is just inside our app JS.
So this is where the good stuff happens.
I'll start up the thing and show you
what the interface looks like, and
we'll discuss what we
want this thing to do.
So go back to my terminal.
Let's see.
It's already running.
There's a lot of tabs going on,
okay.
>> Joe Nelson: Okay,
just to make sure we're all reset.
So I go to a localhost:8000,
and there's a lonely input box.
And I type into it and nothing happens.
Yeah, we need the sad trombone.
Here we have it.
Let's look at what
the page is made out of,
cuz this is the stuff we're
gonna be attaching to.
We have our input, it's called search.
We have a UL with nothing in it,
results, and
then another spot that's just
hanging out waiting called player.
So the end goal of this example
is you type in the box.
And as you're live typing,
it's bringing up YouTube search results
of videos that match your stuff.
And when you click one of the results,
it brings up a YouTube player
on the right.
>> Speaker 4: Daniel B is asking if
there's a server side to the downloader,
or if it's all just front end stuff.
>> Joe Nelson: It's all just front end.
The reason I started a server was just so
that when I made crossed,
I made a requests, I wasn't at file
calling colon versus HTTP caller colon,
Chrome freaks out
security wise about that.
So I'm just running index HTML
through like.
>> Speaker 4: PHP to, it doesn't matter
what server is running, it's just.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah.
Just something that serves it.
And the readme of the project it says,
how to clone it down,
how to install the dependencies, and
how to run this little server, so
you can be up and running the same way.